NOTICE - Compulife Comparison Disclosure                

The life insurance comparison you have been provided has been prepared using a 
third party computer program and database of term life insurance pricing 
information which is sold to the insurance industry by Compulife Software, Inc.   
Compulife does not sell life insurance and is not owned by, or under the control 
or influence of, any life insurance company.  

Compulife is notifying you that this comparison has NOT BEEN AUTHORIZED by any 
life insurance company.  The comparison should not be interpreted as an 
"authorized" illustration provided by any particular life insurance company.  
The information contained in the comparison, which has been prepared by your 
agent/broker using the Compulife program, is intended for comparison purposes 
only.  You should not view the comparison as a substitute for an "authorized" 
life company illustration.

Some states have laws that require agents and/or brokers to provide consumers 
with "authorized" life insurance company illustrations.  As an independent third 
party provider of comparison information, Compulife does not wish to be under 
the control of any life insurance company.  Therefore, Compulife does not seek, 
nor does it want, life company authorization for our comparison software.  For 
this reason you need to make certain that you obtain a company authorized 
illustration for any life insurance product that you have decided to purchase. 
Carefully read the authorized company illustration to make certain that you 
understand all aspects of the life insurance product that you are buying.

The purpose of a Compulife comparison is to provide you with price comparisons 
of a number of life insurance products in order to simplify the job of comparing 
possible alternatives.  Obtaining an authorized life company illustration, for 
each product that appears in a comparison, would make the job of comparison 
unreasonably difficult.  It would discourage agents/brokers from making 
comparisons, to the detriment of consumers.  In the interest of simplicity the 
attached price comparison does not include all the necessary facts for each life 
insurance product in the comparison.  Please remember, only an authorized life 
company illustration can provide you with all of the necessary information that 
you need to make a final decision about purchasing a particular policy.

Information used in this comparison has been taken from the rate cards and rate 
manuals which life companies routinely publish and distribute to life agents and 
brokers.  To the best of Compulife's ability we have done everything we can to 
ensure that the information contained in this comparison is up-to-date and 
accurate.  However, we DO NOT AND CANNOT GUARANTEE ACCURACY.  In the event that 
there is a discrepancy between the information contained in this comparison, and 
any life company authorized illustration and/or policy, the policy shall govern.

Any consumer who is FIRST to discover and report an error in any of the prices 
quoted in this comparison is entitled to receive a "finder's fee" of $50 from 
Compulife.  To receive the $50 please mail a copy of the comparison which 
contains the error, together with a copy of the life company illustration or 
policy, together with your name and address, to:

Compulife Software, Inc.                       Phone:     (800) 798-3488
108 Edgewood Plaza                             Fax:       (859) 885-3988
Nicholasville, KY 40356                        Website:   www.compulife.com

    Compulife (R) is a registered trademark of Compulife Software, Inc.
